[DOC-7213] Split up Enterprise features, copyedit (#17398)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/_includes/v22.1/misc/enterprise-features.md

> ### Cluster optimization

Reviewer: Because each of these headings are H3 and "See also" is H2, it is rendering a little strangely on the side TOC.

> [Follower Reads](follower-reads.html) | Reduce read latency in multi-region deployments by using the closest replica at the expense of reading slightly historical data.

Reviewer: Just a heads up that this is not rendering correctly, I suppose because there is no table header.

[Multi-Region Capabilities](multiregion-overview.html) | Row-level controls where your data is stored to help you reduce read and write latency and meet regulatory requirements.
[Node Map](enable-node-map.html) | Visualize the geographical distribution of a cluster by plotting its node localities on a world map.

> ### Restoration and streaming

Reviewer: We don't really ever refer to "restores" as "restoration" in CRL docs.

I think perhaps "Backups, restores, and streaming" 

Or, "Recovery and streaming" might work.

## Cluster optimization

Feature | Description
--------+-------------------------
[Follower Reads](follower-reads.html) | Reduce read latency in multi-region deployments by using the closest replica at the expense of reading slightly historical data.
[Multi-Region Capabilities](multiregion-overview.html) | Row-level controls where your data is stored to help you reduce read and write latency and meet regulatory requirements.
[Node Map](enable-node-map.html) | Visualize the geographical distribution of a cluster by plotting its node localities on a world map.

## Recovery and streaming

Feature | Description
--------+-------------------------
Enterprise [`BACKUP`](backup.html) and restore capabilities | Take and restore [Incremental backups](take-full-and-incremental-backups.html), [backups with revision history](take-backups-with-revision-history-and-restore-from-a-point-in-time.html), [locality-aware backups](take-and-restore-locality-aware-backups.html), and [encrypted backups](take-and-restore-encrypted-backups.html) require an Enterprise license. [Full backups](take-full-and-incremental-backups.html) do not require an Enterprise license.

> [Changefeeds into a Configurable Sink](create-changefeed.html) | For every change in a configurable allowlist of tables, configure a changefeed to emit a record to a configurable sink, either Apache Kafka or a cloud-storage sink. These records can be processed by downstream systems for reporting, caching, or full-text indexing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Changefeeds into a Configurable Sink](create-changefeed.html) | For every change in a configurable allowlist of tables, configure a changefeed to emit a record to a configurable sink: Apache Kafka, cloud storage, Google Cloud Pub/Sub, or a webhook sink. These records can be processed by downstream systems for reporting, caching, or full-text indexing.
```
